
Could you offer me some advice on how to educate myself on the more difficult to understand personal/organizational uses for FreeBSD. You guys talk about a lot of stuff on your show that I don't understand the purpose of or have never heard of. It seems everybody that uses FreeBSD has a lot of reasons to use it that aren't for administrating some enterprise network or developement which is what I want to have. The gist is I really love learning about FreeBSD but I've gotten stuck. The only actual uses I've been able to find that I understand are for I2P/Tor, surfing the internet, and storage pretty much. Awhile ago I decided I wanted to get involved with computers, so I went searching for something other than Windows and found FreeBSD since it looked like something that would require me to learn a lot to use. I've read the handbook and a couple of Michael Lucas books and have asked many questions on forums. I've become more familiar with configuration files, scripts, virtualization and a few other things. I can setup a firewall and zfs and almost have a mail server and custom kernel working. I've tried poudriere but I think I just don't have a good enough processor to get anything done. I'm really interested in networking and security but find it very confusing when comes to why I would use any of this stuff if I'm just using a personal computer. I'm enrolled in community college for computer science and have thought about getting certifications but don't know if this will help me understand all the stuff on your podcast. Please Help thanks.
