I have some questions concerning zfs, after following Alans webinar I am even more convinced that zfs could be the future for one Fileserver Cluster at my work. Today it is some Linux Filesystem clustered with a three node ha setup synched with gluster. When i started working there in october it was one of the first issues i was asked about, if i have knowledge about such Setups. Being a network guy, I am not that firm with storage but thought zfs could be a much better storage backend for this System. Actual the Main Problems of the Cluster are that under heavy write load with many small files the Cluster wont perform well and opening directories leads to timeouts in first run. The workaround my Collegues built Was to setup a Windows Server in Front of the ha Cluster. But naturally the write performance still did Not get better. In my opinion the question is if using two mirrored PCIe ssds for slog and l2arc and much memory with zfs in a raid 10 setup the problems could be gone. For your Podcast I think the second question is more intresting, is there a stable Cluster solution native to BSD/zfs with enterprise performance?
My Company is trying to move to open source but until i joined they used SuSE and Ubuntu Linux. Now i am substituting the Ubuntu/pound ha loadbalancer Clusters with openbsd carp relayd Setups. I don't know if its smart to talk about freebsd or zfs while the transition is still not done, but the developers of the production Systems running on gluster Are unsatisfied with those Systems.
Keep up your great Podcast, have fun Oliver
