On a recent episode you mentioned the Solid-Run MACHIATTObin. Unfortunately FreeBSD doesn't have a driver for Solid-Run's NICs, but Solid-Run ALSO makes another board called the HoneyComb, based on NXP's Layerscape LX2160a multicore communications processor. Unlike the MACHIATTObin, which only has 4 Arm8 Cortex-A72 cores at 2.0GHz and supports up to 16GB RAM, the Honeycomb has 16 A72 cores at 2.0GHz (overclockable to at least to 2.2GHz) and supports up to 64GB RAM! It also has 4 SFP+ ports - Solid-Run says they're 10Gbps each, but NXP's documentation says they can be aggregated into a single 100Gbps port.

Unfortunately FreeBSD doesn't have drivers for these interfaces either, but with the PCIe x8 slot you can easily add your own 10Gbps NICs. The Honeycomb also has a NVMe slot and 4 AHCI SATA ports as well.

The firmware is still under active development and full sources should be released fairly soon, but some older "make it work now" sources can be found on github. And Linux kernel patches should be merged soon as well. On the FreeBSD side we're still waiting for a few diffs to be accepted and merged, but hopefully by 13.0 RELEASE we'll have all of the non-networking functionality ready to go!

If you can live with USB WiFi, this makes for a pretty awesome Arm workstation at US$750 in a mini ITX form factor! And for what it's worth: World built in 6897 seconds, ncpu: 16, make -j16. It's not the fastest thing in the world, but if you're in the market for a new, interesting, non-x86 workstation in a small form-factor, this might be the best bang for your buck on the market.
